docs(dev): updating CLI documentation MTA-3661 (#2133)
scaleway/docs-content: developer-tools/scaleway-cli/reference-content/cli-reference.mdx

---
meta:
  title: Scaleway CLI Reference
  description: This page contains a list of CLI content in the Scaleway Documentation website.
content:
  h1: Scaleway CLI Reference
  paragraph: This page contains a list of CLI content in the Scaleway Documentation website.
tags: devtools terraform cli scaleway-cli
dates:
  validation: 2023-05-15
  posted: 2023-05-15
categories:
  - devtools
---

> The Scaleway Command Line Interface provide you several different ways to use and manage Scaleway products. You can find an extensive list of CLI documentation, sorted by product, to help you navigate the Scaleway ecosystem using the CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Scaleway Command Line Interface provides you with several different ways to use and manage Scaleway products. You can find an extensive list of CLI documentation, sorted by product, to help you navigate the Scaleway ecosystem using the CLI.
```

Reviewer: Add a link to the CLI itself?

> The [Scaleway Command Line Interface (CLI)](https://github.com/scaleway/scaleway-cli) provides you with several different ways to use and manage Scaleway products. You can find an extensive list of CLI documentation, sorted by product, to help you navigate the Scaleway ecosystem using the CLI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [Scaleway command line interface (CLI)](https://github.com/scaleway/scaleway-cli) provides you with several different ways to use and manage Scaleway products. You can find an extensive list of CLI documentation, sorted by product, to help you navigate the Scaleway ecosystem using the CLI.
```
